Publish Release Action (#585)
wordpress-mobile/release-toolkit: CHANGELOG.md

### New Features

> - Added the action `publish_release` to facilitate publishing of GitHub draft releases [#585]

Reviewer: 💄 
```suggestion
- Added the `publish_release` action to publish existing GitHub draft releases [#585]
```
